Sword huntsmen
On moonlit nights, when the scourge of beast is at its worst, the great bell of Loran tolls and its citizens gather for a fiery, gruesome werewolf purge. Drunk with blood and driven mad by the intoxication of the hunt, the mobs were slowly transformed into the creatures they hunted.

Large Swordhuntsman
On the moonlit nights, the citizens of Loran form hunting parties to purge their city of its ever-present werewolves threat. Unbeknown to the huntsmen, the plague has taken its toll on them, gradually turning them into the creatures they hunted.

Pitchfork huntsman
Poorly armed with farming tools and inappropriate weapons to hunt beasts, the huntsmen use their sheer number to slay beasts, an advantage they are losing over time, for each one of the huntsmen were unknowingly infected with the beast plague themselves. 

Large Pitchfork huntsman
Large Huntsmen are inhabitants of Loran who have begun their transformation into Werewolves. Although they still retain some degree of their humanity, their appearance has become much more bestial and they started to avoid their former comrades, indicating the onset of the scourge of beasts.

Blood Cultist
The cult of Blood is a religious organization founded in Loran and is also its ruling body. They worship blood and refer to it as the purest form of Essence. When the beasts took Lower Loran, the cult barricaded the door, and abandoned the citizens outside to their fate.

Blood Cultist with Torch
On the night of the hunt, citizens of Loran formed hunting parties to purge the city of its werewolf threat. Led by Blood Cultists and their servants, the mobs roamed the streets where they cut down the beasts and the infected. Anybody who showed symptoms of the plague would be purged indiscriminately. When Lower Loran fell, the cult locked the exit and abandoned the citizens outside to their fate.

Leech Collector
From antiquity, leeches were used to treat all kinds of ailments. When the plague of blood and beast struck Loran, the demand of leeches in medical treatment quadrupled and thus leech collectors became a common sight. Poor and old women often work as leech collectors, using their own blood to attract the blood-thirsty vermin. But every now and then, the city guards would find a pale, bloodless body of a leech collector after they were sucked dry. On rare, wicked occasions, the leeches make their way deep into the victim's body through their orifices, and reanimate it to seek newer prey.

Leech
From antiquity, leeches were used to treat all kinds of ailments. The doctors believe leeches would suck out the bad blood, and would apply leeches to the inside of their patients' throat or even make the patients swallow the leeches whole. Little do the doctors nor the patients know, the leeches, once inside a human body, multiply, slowly turning the patient into a walking nest of leeches. If the victim starts to vomit live leeches, then it is too late.

Mosquito Swarm
The humid conditions of the sewers are perfect for these winged pests to lay their eggs. They typically emerge all at once in massive swarms. It is the talk of the town when the Dungeon mosquitoes are out. Because these little, ferocious blood suckers are relentless. They do not stop. They only leave when all that's left of their victim is a bloodless, lifeless, shriveled husk.


Blutwurst
This devilishly sticky black pudding is a top delicacy in Loran. In this city, they use more blood than alcohol, because the former is far more intoxicating and invigorating.

Hunter's Soup
The pot-shops in the slum of Loran served a slow-cooked stew called "Hunter's soup" which ingredients varied from shop to shop, but contained mostly moldy sea biscuits thrown out by sailors, wild vegetables, and meat of questionable origins, perhaps rats or cats, or even worse... corpses. Hunter's soup was a staple diet of the unfortunate habitants of the down-trodden area of Loran. There were rumours that the pot-shops mostly cooked their stews after a werewolf hunt, and it's a common sight to see these pot-shop owners at the burial grounds through out Loran "hunting cats".
=> The soup was truly gruesome. You try not to distinguish the ingredients, or else it would give you nightmares.
=> Is it just you or is the soup today surprisingly good? This bit of meat, smells like chicken! Umm... And this tender bit smells like... Wait! It's a human index finger! 
=> Yummy! It would be even better if there was more meat in the soup, you think. Raw meat, that is.




